{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25520\viewh15780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f1\b #1 : Prompt : design a test harness for iOS app crawler\

\f0\b0 I need a test harness that would crawl through a ios app based on some natural language query from user and perform the action on the application. Please help design the core test harness in python leverage open source models for LLM as needed. App under test is an ios reservation system, which contains end cusomter booking information to manage store operations. Some of the core features of the app. can be : Reservation list view, Select and check-in reservation, perform purchase and checkout, create bags for sending to customer for offline purchase, demo session. I need to crawler to navigate the application based on simple natural language instruction like, Create a new resrvation or Complete a booking flow for an existing reservation. This query should convert into application flow and crawler should able to generate events for all click and page events. My objective is to capture click, impression and page events, which I need to gather from the log and further validate to ensure event analytics is working as designed. Crawler does not need to perform UI validation, it is more for event generation. We can also, think about and additional option of mocking the events to make the data flow to the to database. Give me a comprehensive test harness supporting this feature with key architectural. tool and framework details.\
\

\f1\b # Prompt : Design ML Assurance for a predictive wait-time \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 I am trying to create an automation approach for a ML based project. Project is for wait time prediction for customers in-store. Application under test is an Timeslot service app used by store apps employees to create new reservation for a sales or repair or genius bar appointments. Additional appointment can come from online systems like hitech.com, can also book appointment slots. So Timeslot app in short helps provide time window for end customer or store reps. to help with reservation flow. When customer walk-in to store without a reservation then, the store rep. books a slot and the customer receives a wait-time notificaiton based on number of customer in queue. Currently the wait-time is a hard block of time of 15 min per reservation and the waitime is No. of customer in queue * 15 min duration per reservation. So if there are 10 customer in queue and new customer arrives, he would be given and 150 min wait time. Wait is also a factor of capacity of store, which more to do with how many employees are in store. If there are 10 employee, the wait time will reduce to 15 min. So current. challenge is not every customer reservation takes 15 min. Duration can vary greatly due to various factors, like capacity of store, time of day, special launch event times, weather etc. Providing a hard wait to customer often leads to under booking scenarion where store reps. are free but the system has blocked customer for a later slot. Hence it leads to bad cust. exp. Project for dynamic wait time involved, creating a ML model based on various independent variables and give the customer a dynamic wait-time for better experience. ML model is based on a regression model using XGBoot, Serivces are REST services, consuming apps. are iOS apps. As part of AI QE validation, we need to build an automation solution for testing the new changes, also add clear approach for ML assurance and post deloyment monitoring. Help design framework with python with necessary xcuitets wrapper for ios automation. Also, there are events for timeslot like, total duration, job task, etc. which need to flow to event platform. Need to have coverage for that. At the end, summarize quantifiable measure to track KPI and report project success / feedback.\
\

\f1\b # Prompt : Design a compreshensive Gen AI based test startegy for partner portal system\

\f0\b0 \
Partner portal is a web app, which helps onboard new banking partner on to the portal for an high end cell phone retailer. Banking partner have tie up with this retailer, and offer various introductory loans offer to purchase device on EMI. For the retailer, onboarding new partner comprises of a series of environment and api connectivity test to link the bank and retail environment.  Partner app also upport user management, partner management , content sync kind of flows. Once partner is added to the system, they would have option to view approve certs. and IP address to open port and integrate their test env. to perform end to end test, before opening it up prod. roll out. Partner portal have additional features like RAG based knowlege search supported by Gemini flash LLM, to provide user with quick onboarding guides. It also has an automated test trigger which are managed by MCP server and controls calls to downstream system to run automated scripts, log support ticket etc. Automation scripts are built on rest assured api automation script deployed on jenkins ci pipeline. Design documents are available in quip with wireframe in form of PDF. QE team revised the functional spec on quip and comps in pdf to design manual test cases. Test data are primarily certificates, partner contact info., etc. Various RBAC roles like admin, super admin controls the access to various screens like add user, add environment, audit log etc. App is backed by metrics for event analytics. I need a wholistic approach to automate, including case where gen ai models and agentic ai solution can be leveraged to improve qe efficiency. Call out a comprehensive set of toolset and framework for architecting the overall automation framework with standardized reporting and seamline tool integration.  There would be mobile app version of the tool along with support for cross browser. Application front end it build on Typescript, backend services on Rust and MCP agents powered by Gemini flash for orchestrating test connectivity and support ticketing and semantic search feature. }